# Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition

Data models related with Manufacturing. Beremiz is an IDE for machine automation. OpenPLC is an open-source Programmable Logic Controller. OpenRVDAS is a software framework. TcOpen is a framework capitalizing on OOP extension as defined in IEC 61131-3 ST and implemented by CoDeSys and TwinCAT3. Apache RocketMQ is a cloud native messaging and streaming platform. Quasar is a library that provides asynchronous programming tools. Blockly Visual PLC Programming Language VPL. OpenMUC is a software framework based on Java and OSGi. jSML is a Java library implementing the Smart Message Language (SML). j62056 is a Java implementation of the IEC 62056-21 protocol (modes A, B, C, and D). jMBus is an implementation of the M-Bus wired and wireless protocols. jEEBus.SHIP implements the SHIP specification version 1.0.1. jEEBus.SPINE implements Smart Premises Interoperable Neutral-Message Exchange (SPINE) in Java. Open source EEBUS (SHIP and SPINE) implementation written in C. libiec61850 is an open-source (GPLv3) implementation of an IEC 61850 client and server library implementing the protocols MMS, GOOSE and SV. A Java IEC 61850 MMS stack for clients and servers. j60870 is a library implementing the IEC 60870-5-104 communication standard. jSCADA served multiple times as a starting point for research projects. OpenSCADA is an open implementation of SCADA and HMI systems. Archimedes is a framework designed for deployment of control systems to hardware. VOLTTRON Distributed Control System Platform. OpenEMS is a modular platform for energy management applications. Rapid SCADA is full featured SCADA software that supports MODBUS and OPC. TANGO kernel Java implementation. PyScada is a scada system that uses the Django framework. SQLAlchemy is the Python SQL toolkit and Object Relational Mapper. Scada-LTS is a web-based, multi-platform solution for building your own SCADA system. SCADA data pre-processing library for prognostics, health management and fault detection of wind turbines